hi friends from youtube here I will teach
like running card games
superior graphics such as direct3d or direct
seconds do not have it here I show how
run those games
well download this file hehehe
in my case land of the dead I'm missing
direct x and I need directors to
run the game look
here comes out I need direct 3d and direct x
good copy the link in the folder well
we open the program and copy our
link we give to extract thus observe
now they will extract three files and
they open their game those files give you the
possibility of playing without direct x
and direct3d you must extract it where is your
dot access file
for the hour play wii
and enjoy the very good games if
they ask me in comments I will teach
accelerate the fastest games
fuck that zombie always makes me
like
I remember your grandmother in thong water aaa
it scares me change onwards in to another
minute water aaa was good friends that was
all greetings to creator creatures poor is
the best in the world or
or exact correct clear yes
perfect I hope you liked it
remember to give the bottom button
left of the screen I like and
arribita subscribe low hahaha
good friends, take care and play very
dicten be my videos x important and
they need
I hope I have helped you comment
thank you remember subscribe and give me
like god, take care
link in description if you want tell me for
do the tutorial of accelerating games